New Blog post and updates for Sagemaker inference (#122)
huggingface/blog: the-partnership-amazon-sagemaker-and-hugging-face.md

To learn how to access and use the new Hugging Face DLCs with the Amazon SageMaker Python SDK, check out the guides and resources below.

> > _At the 8th of July we extended the Amazon SageMaker experience to inference. If you want to learn how you can [deploy Hugging Face models easily with Amazon SageMaker](https://huggingface.co/blog/deploy-hugging-face-models-easily-with-amazon-sagemaker) take a look at the [new blog post](https://huggingface.co/blog/deploy-hugging-face-models-easily-with-amazon-sagemaker) or at the [documentation](https://huggingface.co/docs/sagemaker/inference)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _On July 8th, 2021 we extended the Amazon SageMaker integration to add easy deployment and inference of Transformers models. If you want to learn how you can [deploy Hugging Face models easily with Amazon SageMaker](https://huggingface.co/blog/deploy-hugging-face-models-easily-with-amazon-sagemaker) take a look at the [new blog post](https://huggingface.co/blog/deploy-hugging-face-models-easily-with-amazon-sagemaker) and the [documentation](https://huggingface.co/docs/sagemaker/inference)._
```

- [Distributed Training Data Parallelism Tensorflow](https://github.com/huggingface/notebooks/blob/master/sagemaker/07_tensorflow_distributed_training_data_parallelism/sagemaker-notebook.ipynb)
- [Distributed Training Summarization](https://github.com/huggingface/notebooks/blob/master/sagemaker/08_distributed_summarization_bart_t5/sagemaker-notebook.ipynb)
- [Image Classification with Vision Transformer](https://github.com/huggingface/notebooks/blob/master/sagemaker/09_image_classification_vision_transformer/sagemaker-notebook.ipynb)

> - [Deploy one of the 10 000+ Hugging Face Transformers to Amazon SageMaker for Inference](https://github.com/huggingface/notebooks/blob/master/sagemaker/11_deploy_model_from_hf_hub/deploy_transformer_model_from_hf_hub.ipynb)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Deploy one of the 10,000+ Hugging Face Transformers to Amazon SageMaker for Inference](https://github.com/huggingface/notebooks/blob/master/sagemaker/11_deploy_model_from_hf_hub/deploy_transformer_model_from_hf_hub.ipynb)
```
